last day that I walked I woke up without
a hangover pretty groovy day huh I knew
I had an hours of grace before the
withdrawal symptoms sent in
[Music]
keeping common ground Dexter had mistake
him and lightpole for an exit and
slammed into it at 90 miles an hour
[Music]
yeah it doesn't sound like it's going
too well I'm Donnie and I'm an alcoholic
my day's been pretty good until I came
in here and saw all of you maybe you
were weekend's he could become strong
something really profound just happening
Jolly's for a living but you forget
anatomy because the subject matter you
we all have led in our non sober periods
somewhat chaotic lives
[Music]
you're not to blame a very special
person you're such a pain in the ass job
[Music]
[Applause]
you're right on schedule sweetheart and
I'm glad you're here
hey fellow artists check this out I'm
not trying to sell you anything is what
you look at they publish my cartoon
[Music]